# Adhyayan (अध्ययन)
Enhance your communication skills through an AI enabled partner.

**Abstract:** 

A software solution to assist the business communication (English) learning journey of individuals through multi-dimensional parameters that are evaluated at the core by an "Intelligent & Self-Learning" AI platform. 

 

We can submit video / audio content to the solution and there will be a detailed analysis and recommendation report generated by the solution based on the required key areas of improvement (based on the type of content submitted). Please refer the "Details of Functional Area" section for more details. 

 

**Purpose:** 

Personal deep dive into the ocean of AI capabilities by leveraging project-based learning approach. 

 

**Language Support:** 

English 

 

**Details Of Functional Area:** 

The evaluation parameters for video content are going to be as per below: 

 

Primary Functional Area | Sub-Functional Areas | Comments |
|-----------------------|----------------------|----------|
Speech & Pronunciation | Accent clarity |
|| Pronunciation accuracy |
|| Tone variation | 
Grammer & Language | Grammar accuracy |
|| Vocabulary |
|| Usage of Filler words |
|| Pauses | 
|| Fluency |
Sentiment Analysis | Emotional appropriateness |
|| Engagement level |
Pace of speech | Speech rate |
|| Rhythm | 
Visual Evaluation | Facial expression |
|| Emotional expression | 
|| Facial animation |
|| Eye contact |
|| Gesture & body language|
|| Hand |
|| Posture |
|| Movement |
|| Alignment of gestures to speech |
|| Appearance (optional) |
Content Evaluation | Clarity of message |
|| Logical structure 
|| Content coherence 
|| Critical thinking 
|| Support and evidence 
|| Storytelling 
Audio & Video Quality | N/A | 

 

 

**Technology Stack:**

Feasibility in progress. 

Primary focus on NVIDIA Developer SDKs along with python as the core programming language. 

**Timeline:** 
Milestone | Indicative Completion Date | Revised Date (In case required) |
|---------|----------------------------|---------------------------------|
| Feasibility Check | October 6th, 2024 | 
| First Draft of Solution | October 11th, 2024 |
| Iterative Version Release | Weekly | 
| Final Version | November 15th, 2024 |

**Reference Material:**

    GitHub Link: 
    Linkedin Post Links: 

**Approach:**

Will be shared soon. 

**Architecture:** 

To be prepared after feasibility check. 
